Terms and Conditions

Introduction: Welcome to the site and the application of Mytamen Insurance These terms and conditions apply to the site and all its sections and branches and its websites which refer to these terms and conditions through access to the site you confirm your understanding of the terms and conditions and if you do not agree to the terms and conditions of use you may not use.  This Site reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time.
 We strongly recommend the following:
 • Read these terms carefully before using the Mytamen Secure website and application.
 • Print a copy for future reference.

1.General

 1.1.  The Terms and Conditions may change at any time.  Any such changes will be deemed to be effective on the day of publication on the My Insurance website and application.  You should read the Terms and Conditions each time you use the My Insurance site and application. Please check these Terms and Conditions regularly for updates periodically and continuously. By accessing the Mytamen Insurance site and application after modifications, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions.

 You should stop using the Mytamen Secure website and apply immediately.
 1.2.  If you are not a consumer or user of the product, you are using Mytamen Insurance website and application confirming that you have the authority to conduct any business or to act on behalf of a third party you may be using the Mytamen Insurance site and application on its behalf.

 2. Account and user registered with the site and the application

 2.1.  In order to access certain functions of the Service, including the ability to purchase products and services, you must register and create an account on the site and apply MyTamen Secure, within which the password ("Account").  Any account you register is personal, exclusive and not transferable to any third party.
 2.2.  If you register and create an account or if you purchase a product from the site, you become a "registered user".  To become a registered user, you must be at least 21 years of age and must provide correct and accurate information (including name, date of birth, email address, credit card / KNET card details and other details) as required during the account creation process or  shopping.  As required by law, as a parent or guardian of a minor between the ages of 18 and 21, you may allow him / her to use your account, on the basis that you remain fully and accountable for any use of the service by this minor via your account.  We are entitled to further tests to confirm your age with a registered credit reference agency (or similar), and if we are unable to verify that you are over 21 years of age, we will cancel your order.  We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or cancel orders at our discretion.
 2.3.  By registering and using Mytamen, you warrant that the information you have provided in the course of the registration process is correct and accurate and that you undertake to ensure that this information is kept up to date.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur within your account.  If you have any concerns about your account, or if you know of any misuse of your account, you must notify us immediately.



 3. Product

 3.1.  May develop the site and application of Mytamen insurance products insurance for the territory.  Without prejudice to the additional obligations of the site and application of MyTamen Insurance as outlined in this document, Mytamen offers its customers insurance products compliant with the laws of the Insurance Regulatory Commission.
 3.2.  The products that will be displayed and distributed on the Mytamen Secure application site are as follows:
 • Comprehensive Motor Insurance.
 • Third party insurance for cars.
 • Travel insurance.
 3.3.  Coverage of the vehicle insurance policy begins after a satisfactory inspection by the representative of the insurance company selected for you.
 3.4. mytamen Insurance reserves the right to approve or reject the insurance application for vehicles based on disclosure results.

 4. Application process

 4.1.  As a registered user, you can order and purchase products through the service.  If you must pay for a product you have ordered, you must pay the full amount of the product as described during the ordering process. All orders you complete on the Mytamen Insurance website and application are subject to acceptance under these terms.
 4.2.  Confirmation "is a stage that defines the final details of your order. After this, we will send you an email confirming the process or contacting you by phone with details of the products you ordered. Please note that this email is not for order confirmation or acceptance by us.
 4.3.  After accepting your application, the contract between you and the insured company selected by you will be completed.
 4.4.  There may be price errors appearing on the website and the application Mytamen Insurance or during the ordering process from time to time.  There may also be transmission errors that may interrupt your purchase.  You may agree to cooperate with Mytamen Insurance in resolving such matters, and you agree that Mytamen will have full freedom to act and to determine the appropriate decision in such cases. 
 4.5.  The price you pay for the products you ordered is the price displayed on the Mytamen Insurance website and application at the time your order was received, except for some exceptions.  Although we have ensured that all product prices are accurately listed, some errors can occur.  If we find an error in the prices of the products you have ordered, we will notify you as soon as possible, and we will give you the option to reconfirm your order at the correct price or cancel the order.  If we are unable to contact you, we will treat the request as canceled.  If you cancel the order and you have already paid for the products you will be refunded the full amount.
 4.6.  All prices listed are in Kuwaiti Dinars (KD) and include taxes (if any) at current rates.
 







 5. Liability and Compensation

 5.1.  Mytamen does not warrant that the website and the Application or any of the products available through it will remain uninterrupted or error free.  There may be delays, omissions, interruptions, and / or inaccuracies in the products available through the Mytamen secure application.
 5.2.  Mytamen Insurance makes no warranties about the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability, or non-infringement of any content on the Mytamen Insurance website and application or the products available through it.
 5.3.  Although Mytamen makes reasonable steps to prevent the entry of viruses and other electronic codes on the Mytamen site and application, Mytamen does not state or warrant that the site, application, service or products that may be available through the Mytamen site and application are free.  Of these destructive factors.  Maytamen Insurance is not liable for any damages or injury attributable to these factors or arising directly or indirectly from these factors.
 5.4.  In no event shall the Site and the application of My Insurance be held liable by you or any third party for any direct, indirect, special or consequential losses, or damages of any kind (including, for example, loss of profits or business interruption, loss of software  Or other data on your information system), even if Mytamen Insurance has been notified, or should have been aware of the possibility of such damages arising out of or relating to: (a) your use or your reliance on the site and application of Mytamen Insurance,  Any information, links, content contained therein, or otherwise listed services or made available to you through the Site  Application of Mytamen Insurance (b) Providing information, whether personal or otherwise to the site and application of Mytamen Insurance, (c) providing electronic services by Mytamen Insurance, or (d) acts or negligence by Mytamen Insurance or Mytamen Insurance agents, or employees.
 5.5.  MAY INSURANCE DISCLAIMS AND EXCLUDES ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR LEGAL TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE, APPLICATION OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY MAY INSURANCE, OR IN CURRENCY, THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY MAYTAMEN INSURANCE, INCLUDING  Implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights.  The Site and the Application are, without limitation, the content, information and links contained therein, "as is" without any warranty that they will be uninterrupted or error-free.  By accessing the Site and the Application, you acknowledge that your use is your sole responsibility.
 5.6.  We will take all reasonable precautions to keep your order details and payment secure, but unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses as a result of unauthorized access to the information you have provided.  If you use the Mytamen site and application, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur within your account or password.  The Mytamen Insurance website and application are not intended to sell products to children, but only to adults who can purchase by using a bank card or other allowed payment methods.  If you are under the age of 21 you can use the Mytamen Insurance website and application only with the permission and participation of a parent or guardian.
 5.7.  Mytamen Insurance reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at its sole discretion.
 5.8.  By using the Maytamen Insurance Website or Service, you agree, as permitted by law, to indemnify May Insurance, its directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, agents and licensors and protect it from damage in respect of any claims arising from your breach of the Terms.  Or your use of the Maytamen Insurance Website or Products or your breach of the law applicable at the place from which you enter the Maytamen Insurance Website and Application, or any action taken by Maytamen Insurance as part of its investigation of suspected breaches of this Agreement or as a result of its conclusion or decision that a breach of this Agreement occurred  .
 5.9.  Terms of cancellation of the policy are subject to the criteria and policy of the insurance companies selected by you and the site disclaims any liability related to this section
 
 6. Various provisions

 6.1.  The contract between you and mytamen Insurance and the insurers located in the Maytamen Insurance Website and Application shall be governed by the laws of the State of Kuwait, without regard to the conflict of laws rules and any dispute between you and Maytamen Insurance and the insurance companies located in the Maytamen Insurance Website and Application shall be considered exclusively in the courts of Kuwait.
 6.2.  Mytamen may not be liable for any delay or failure to deliver the Products or otherwise perform any obligation as specified in these Terms if the cause is wholly or partly caused by Force Major events and / or by force major, whether directly or otherwise Direct, because of circumstances beyond its reasonable control.  For the avoidance of doubt, force major events shall include, without limitation, war events, riots, civil war, rebellion, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods or other physical disasters and or acts of nature.
 6.3.  The Mytamen Secure website and application is not responsible for the content or operation of any of these websites linked to the Internet.  No hyperlinks to such web sites should in any way be regarded as promotion by the Site and the Application or as publicity or confirmation regarding content, statements, accuracy, products, services or content.  The use of these hyperlinks is at your own risk and cost.
 6.4.  Maytamen Insurance reserves the right to transfer, assign or subcontract all or part of any of its rights or obligations under these Terms or any other relevant contract, to any third party.
 6.5.  If part of these terms is deemed by any competent authority to be invalid or not wholly or partially applicable, this shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other conditions.
 6.6.  These Terms, including other sources referred to in these Terms, transcend all prior assertions, understandings and agreements between you and the Mytamen Website and Application (including the use of the Services and / or Order Products) and outline the entire agreement and understanding regarding your use between you and the Mytamen Secure.
 6.7.  When you visit the Mytamen Secure website and send emails to us, you communicate with us electronically.  You agree to receive communications from us electronically.  We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting advertisements on the Mytamen application, website and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically meet any legal requirement that communications be in writing.
 6.8.  Please be advised that the site is only an intermediary between the client and companies and is not entitled to be held accountable for any case relating to damages and repair costs or any fines binding and the main responsible shall be the insurance company affiliated to the client

 7. Permit
 7.1.  I acknowledge and declare:
 • There are no current losses under the insurance policy purchased via the Mytamen insurance application and web.
 • I understand the format of the document that I intend to purchase via the Mytamen secure application and web.
 • The details you used when creating the document are true and correct.
 7.2.  I also agree that an incorrect statement will result in repudiation of these claims.
